data/samples/sample1.csv \t true
data/samples/sample2.csv \t true
data/samples/sample3.csv , true
data/tests/sample4.csv , false
data/samples/Ipierotis.csv , true
data/samples/SMLF5.csv , true
data/samples/food_survey.csv , true
data/samples/flat_test_csv.csv , true
data/tests/regexp_test.csv , true
data/tests/sample_survey_wording.csv , true
data/tests/test3.csv , true
data/tests/test4.csv , true
data/tests/test5.csv , true
data/tests/testCorrelation.csv , true
data/tests/randomized_block_test.csv , true
data/tests/wage_survey.csv , true
data/tests/bad_entropy.csv , true
data/tests/blah.csv , true
data/tests/pathTest.csv , true
data/tests/pick_randomly.csv , true
data/tests/test5_noncompact.csv , false
data/tests/test4_branch_backwards.csv , false
data/tests/test6.csv , true
data/tests/entropytest.csv , true
data/tests/randomized_block_test2.csv , false
data/tests/test1_toobig.csv , true
data/tests/test4_two_branches_one_block.csv	, false
data/tests/testCorrelation.csv , true